README.md, before:

# generate_table

Fake data generator for testing, simulating and learning purposes. 

My aim is to create a library which I can use throughout my college term, so that I can easily generate fake stored data for manipulation.

There should be some documentation coming when I do learn how to make a proper one, until then I'll just keep on commenting everything that's relevant.

IMPORTANT NOTES#-
        -all the '#define' directives are located in src/data_fetch.h, which are crucial if you wish to generate data with static arrays, also provides details on what to expect from each type of data to be generated.

        -type 'make' to create the executable, and 'make clean' before recompiling again, also 'make debug' if you wish to debug with gdb.

        -fake data generated will be stored in data.csv by default

        -main.c is simply and example code to go by, all the relevant functions are located in src/

        -content/ contains pre-created data to be manipulated via code, there is a name.txt and surname.txt in there by default, which are used to generate fake names in main.c

TO BE IMPLEMENTED/FIXED#-
        
        -sorting function for binary tree
        -iterative method to free each tree node (maybe)
        -change to a datatype other than int that allows for more decimal digits

Commit message:

No more valgrind errors, can generate large amounts of data in main.c because of dynamically freeing single use data (ID)

README.md, after:

# generate_table

Fake data generator for testing, simulating and learning purposes. 

My aim is to create a library which I can use throughout my college term, so that I can easily generate fake stored data for manipulation.

There should be some documentation coming when I do learn how to make a proper one, until then I'll just keep on commenting everything that's relevant.

IMPORTANT NOTES-

        -all the '#define' directives are located in src/data_fetch.h, which are crucial if you wish to generate data with static arrays, also provides details on what to expect from each type of data to be generated.

        -type 'make' to create the executable, and 'make clean' before recompiling again, also 'make debug' if you wish to debug with gdb.

        -fake data generated will be stored in data.csv by default
        -content/ contains pre-created data to be manipulated via code, there is a name.txt and surname.txt in there by default, which are used to generate fake names in main.c

        -main.c is simply and example code to go by, all the relevant functions are located in src/
         
        -my main.c example code generates a fake user's bank database, the first column indicates an unique ID, the second is the user's agency and the third is a unique account to his corresponding agency. Because the third column is dependant on the second, it will check for any occurrence of the account in the agency before assigning it to the user. The code's speed directly affected by the amount of individuals to be generated and the amount of agencies available, more agencies, means less accounts being verificated for it's uniqueness. And as you increase the number of individuals to be generated, it becomes neccessary to increase the amount of agencies for a more disperse amount of unique accounts to be possible.

        -

TO BE IMPLEMENTED/FIXED-
        
        -sorting function for binary tree
        -iterative method to free each tree node (maybe)
        -change to a datatype other than int that allows for more decimal digits
